[ingress-nginx] Add a WAF description to the documentation. (#13341)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/402-ingress-nginx/docs/FAQ.md

```shell
kubectl drain <node_name> --delete-emptydir-data --ignore-daemonsets --force
```

## Web Application Firewall (WAF)

Software known as a Web Application Firewall (WAF) is used to protect web applications from Layer 7 attacks.

> Ingress-nginx controller has a built-in WAF called `ModSecurity' (OpenSource Web Application Firewall project).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ingress-nginx controller has a built-in WAF called `ModSecurity' (The Open Worldwide Application Security Project).
```
